##### PartyMode

`loginWithIDFV` (`idfvToken`)

Logs into Meteor with an IDFV token, the result of `[[UIDevice currentDevice] identifierForVendor]`.

`heartbeat` (`location`)

Lets the server know the client is connected in real time. `location` is an array of `[float latitude, float longitude]`.

`findAnyGame`

Returns a `_id` of an open game. Returns `null` if no game is found.

`createEmptyGame` (`title`, `password`, `location`)

Returns the `_id` of a new game with the given title, password and location of form `[float latitude, float longitude]`. You still have to join the game after you create an empty one.

`joinGame` (`gameId`)

Joins the game with `gameId`. Your subscriptions will update with `player` documents for all the players, `vote` documents for the round-by-round winners, and `hand` documents, each representing a card in your hand.

`submitAnswerCard` (`gameId`, `answerId`)

Submits the card with id `answerId` to the game `gameId` for the current round. Returns the `_id` of the `submission` document generated by submitting an answer card in your hand.

`pickWinner` (`gameId`, `answerId`)

If you're the judge, picks the card `answerId` among the `submissions` as the winning card. Returns the `_id` of the `vote` document generated by picking a winner. Then, ends the round, drawing new hands and incrementing the `game` document with `_id` `gameId` 's `round`. Called by anyone when there exists a `vote` document for the round.

##### Economic

`combineCardsForUser` (`adjectiveCardId`, `nounCardId`)

Combines an adjective and noun in the user's inventory by card IDs.

##### OnlineMode